---
layout: post-read
title: "Book Review: Grit"
shortTitle: "Grit"
author: Julien Sobczak
date: '2016-12-17'
category: read
subject: Grit
headline: The path to success begins with this book. Don't miss it. Seriously.
note: 19
tags:
  - self-help
image: 'https://images.gr-assets.com/books/1457889762l/27213329.jpg'
metadata:
  authors: Angela Duckworth
  publisher: "Collins"
  datePublished: '2016-05-03'
  bookFormat: 'Hardcover'
  isbn: '1443442313'
  numberOfPages: 352
links:
  amazon: 'https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1443442313/'
  goodreads: 'https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27213329-grit'
---

*Grit* succeeds where [*Outliers*]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2017-01-11-outliers %}) fails in unveiling the secrets of success. In a fascinating, compelling, and totally persuasive book, Angela Duckworth pulls together decades of psychological research to demystify the myth of innate talent and challenge our conventional wisdom.

The key to success comes in two simple words with great impact: passion and perseverance. This contrasts greatly with *Outliers* where Malcom Gladwell explains that success don't rise from nothing, but from hidden advantages and extraordinary opportunities and cultural legacies. I found *Grit*  more optimistic, while remaining convincing, and that is exactly what most readers need to reach a new peak. If you have a passion for something, *Grit* will inspire you and help you to stick it.

*Grit* was an eye opening experience to me and it is definitively one of the most important self-help book published ever. As clearly illustrated by the author, the grittiness evolves over time and the most gritty persons are above 60. I wished I had this book with me during my study ten years ago. I have no doubt that I would have been much closer to expertise than I'm today. As I keep telling all my colleagues, sooner or later, you will ask the questions answered by this book. You must read *Grit*, the sooner the better. The perfect introduction before more focused books such as [*Mindset*]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2016-12-31-mindset %}) or [*Peak*]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2017-01-25-peak %})!
